Of course the ant deserves to die.
The opportunity for the owner of the sword shop is gone like this
Three Daoists
Everything else is
They are all spending time outside
Just the three of us here
The old man is like an ant
Kill a bitch and still see an ant on the left
Right bite bitch
You really think of yourself as Draco
For you
We are not gods
What are you talking to a pariah?
Kill him alone or kill them all
The old man is still waiting for the Lord of the Sword Respect Palace
It is said that the masters of the world have not yet dispersed
Buying gifts
Greeted by the owner
Customer stuff
You deserve to meet me too
You hahaha
What are you?
It is also worthy of comparison with the owner
Did you know
Even I'm waiting to meet the owner
Kneel and knock
Let the old man speak up
Dare to stand up respectfully
So brave
Dare to disrespect the owner
There is still a way to get annoyed
Disrespect the owner
Only dead ends
No one can save me today.
Meet the owner
My subordinates and the grandmaster of the world wish the owner a happy wedding
Happy wedding